(On the second morning, the sons received a gift box each.)
I'm told to ask a girl out on a date.
(Winning present for a date from Dad)
(The date requested with a gift is on a 1st-come, 1st-served basis.)
(Yoon Hoo ran out first.)
(Spare me a minute, Yu Bin.)
Why am I here?
(So nobody can snatch you away.)
- "So nobody can snatch you away." - "So nobody can snatch you away."
(The intense tough guy's bold move)
(Go on a date with me.)
(Yoon Hoo asked Choi Yu Bin on the 1st-come 1st-served Date.)
(A date request)
(Lee Jae Seung asked Park Si Woo on the 1st-come 1st-served Date.)
(How about going on a date with me today?)
(Shin Jae Hyuk asked Cho Eun Byul on the 1st-come 1st-served Date.)
(Is Hee Dong all alone?)
(I think you'll go on a date with the new resident.)
(Apparently, he can ask the new resident out on a date.)
(A new female resident will move in.)
(Write a letter on the back of the photo.)
(Hee Dong asked the new resident, whom he hadn't met yet, )
(out on a date.)
(How's the first date of our kids?)
(Episode 3: Twisting Around One's Finger)
(After the first date matching session)
I didn't know you didn't add green onions.
You're supposed to enjoy the bland taste of this dish.
(Today's chef is Yu Bin.)
Is it for someone or herself?
Both.
- Is that so?
- Yes.
(After making food, she heads somewhere.)
Is Yoon Hoo in here?
She's asking for someone.
- It's Yoon Hoo.
- Yoon Hoo.
- What's up?
- You're going to eat, right?
- Yes.
- Good.
I'll be waiting.
- Sorry, I'll be out in a second.
- Take your time.
- Don't rush.
- I'll be out right away.
Is she taking care of my son?
She's taking care of him...
And only him.
- Jae Hyuk is there too.
- Already?
To make fried rice of all things.
- My son loves fried rice.
- For real.
She likes fried rice.
(Getting ready for the unexpected breakfast date)
What's taking so long?
(Even lip balm when he'll soon have fried rice?)
- It's best eaten when warm.
- Exactly.
(Rushing over)
You weren't waiting for me, were you?
- What?
- No, right?
I was waiting for you. Why do you ask?
- Really?
- Yes.
- You should've told me.
- It's okay.
(Yu Bin waited to eat with Yoon Hoo.)
I put in some effort, you know?
Thanks for the food.
I hope you enjoy it.
It looks good.
It'll taste really bland.
(Impressed)
(Yoon Hoo's reaction makes Yu Bin laugh.)
What a great reaction.
It's really good.
- Seriously?
- Yes.
We're going to get food soon during our date.
- I can eat more.
- No,
but you can't enjoy the food on our date if you're full.
- No way.
- Come on.
"No way."
- What was that?
- My gosh.
He's acting cute.
What I'm about to ask may sound weird.
Will you make this...
- What?
- even when we're married?
Most likely.
- Okay.
- What?
- He's gone too far.
Was that him proposing or what?
- Mr. Yoon.
- What's up with him?
Isn't he going too far?
To talk about marriage when it's just fried rice.
She said, "Most likely."
Hold on. Is that the so-called American style?
Even Americans aren't that big of a mess.
- "Big of a mess?" - That's too fast.
- It's too fast.
- Exactly.
- It's only been a day.
- He's setting it in stone.
It's only been a day, and he's talking about marriage.
(Yoon Hoo's flirting created a big stir.)
I suddenly imagined being married.
"It'd be amazing to have this for breakfast every day."
"What's going on?"
With that, I was really shocked.
But it still made me happy.
It's seriously good.
(Straight to marriage when they've only met yesterday?)
The wedding march is being played right now.
What's with the music?
(Meanwhile, Jae Seung is in the living room all alone.)
Jae Seung is alone.
- That's how he always sits.
- Seriously.
(Yoon Hoo came to relax after breakfast.)
(Thinking)
Did you get an Attraction Selection text yesterday?
- Yes.
- I see.
Did you?
(Nodding)
Do you have an idea who might've sent it?
I have a hunch about who sent it to me,
- Really?
- who you've sent one to,
and who sent one to you.
- For real?
- Yes.
(Yoon Hoo knows everything?)
- What?
- Really?
(Last night during the first Attraction Selection)
(Eun Byul was the one who sent it to Jae Seung.)
From what I see,
it's Si Woo.
He's gotten the wrong idea.
Don't do that.
There's always that one friend who hypes things up.
- Totally.
- I think she has a crush on you.
- Really?
- Totally.
Seriously?
- I think you're wrong.
- It's Si Woo.
- Si Woo is totally into you.
- Really?
- Yes.
- Got it. I'll give it my best.
The two are very alike.
- Hoo is hasty.
- Right?
Let's say he's pure-hearted.
I asked her out in hopes that it's true.
Here's what I'm worried about.
I asked her out on the date, but she didn't look happy.
Or I might just be imagining it.
(When Jae Seung asked Si Woo out this morning)
A date request.
(Disappointed)
Thank you.
(Si Woo turned around quickly.)
What?
(Surprised)
- She acted coldly.
- That's so wrong.
- She did.
- I see.
- Right.
- It hurts already.
Then it could be Eun Byul.
- Finally.
- It was Eun Byul.
Is it really Eun Byul?
But Eun Byul and I haven't talked yet.
I think the one who voted for the First Impression Selection...
and Attraction Selection is the same.
I'm not entirely sure if it's Si Woo,
but I'm sure it's the same person.
Either way, it's 1 of the 2.
Wouldn't you get a feeling...
for who it is if you ask one of them?
- He's right.
- Yes, just ask upfront.
- Ask in person?
- Yes.
- Yoon Hoo is giving him advice.
- He's like a coach.
Totally.
(Meanwhile, Eun Byul is doing the dishes by herself.)
Here he is. Jae Seung is here.
- Maybe he's going to ask her.
- No, it's just...
(Glancing)
(Jae Seung sits in front of Eun Byul.)
(It's slightly awkward as it's their first time being alone.)
Can I ask you something?
We voted twice so far, right?
- Right.
- He's going to ask.
- Hold on.
- What is it?
- I won't ask.
- No, go ahead.
- I don't have to answer, right?
- No.
Let me hear the question first.
Did you vote for the same person for both?
Yes.
Really?
(Eun Byul chose Jae Seung for both.)
Honestly, when I heard her answer,
I was totally convinced that both votes were...
from Eun Byul.
Wait.
(Jae Seung finally found out the truth.)
Jae Seung has found out.
"I've got it mixed up."
"It was Eun Byul, not Si Woo."
You're that type, right?
- Who approaches...
- Me?
I like a girl who has feelings for me.
I see.
Talking when it's just the two of us...
- Right?
- is really...
There isn't much to talk about with the others around.
Right. Jae Seung asked Si Woo out on a date,
- Right.
- but he's getting to know...
Eun Byul more.
- Out of the things Jae Seung said, - Yes?
What I found weird was...
He said something like, "I like a girl..."
- "who has feelings for me." - Right.
- What about it?
- Listen.
That feeling is closer to appreciation than a crush.
No.
"Thank you for being interested in me."
- Nam Jung, what's love?
- What?
What's love? Tell me.
Si Woo is already a goner.
She's not getting any votes.
At least we're sitting far apart.
Everyone is interested in Yu Bin now.
It'd be great if he changed his date right then and there.
- That's impossible.
- As a dad...
He's already lost his chance.
Moon Sik thinks Jae Seung will have a change of heart.
I'm anxious.
The date with Si Woo might turn out weirdly.
- Totally.
- Yes.
What will happen?
(Si Woo and Eun Byul)
(Si Woo is deep in thought alone.)
Will Hee Dong be alone for the whole day?
We should ask...
- if he'll be alone.
- If he's staying at home alone?
- Why are you sighing?
- Seriously,
I'm really bad at things like this.
It feels really strange.
Honestly...
At first, I thought...
how nice it'd be if Hee Dong had asked me out.
But it must've been half feeling bad and half curiosity.
He might not have chosen anyone on purpose...
or...
might have missed the opportunity.
I'll go and check.
(She checks Hee Dong's room.)
(He's not in his room either.)
(He's getting ready for his date in Hoo's room.)
(Peeking)
(Peeking again)
(Stopping)
It looks like she's going to write the letter.
- The Letter Room?
- To the Letter Room?
To the Letter Room.
But her date is coming up soon.
She came to the Letter Room right before her date?
(Si Woo visited the Letter Room before her date.)
(Sighing)
I don't know what to do.
What do I do?
(What's her decision after a long deliberation?)
(Sighing)
I don't know what to do.
What do I do?
(She decided to sit down.)
(To Hee Dong)
(Good morning!)
(If you're not going on a date...)
(and staying at home by yourself today, )
(let's hang out next time!)
(I don't know if you like hanging out, though.)
(Laughing)
(Anyway, )
(have another great day.)
(Let's have a chat next time.)
(Good luck!)
(She wrote a letter, )
(worried that he'd be staying at home.)
(You Hee Dong)
(She leaves after putting her heartfelt letter in.)
(Will her letter come through to Hee Dong?)
When Hee Dong reads it,
I'm sure his heart will melt.
- Goodness.
- Right now, Hee Dong is...
(Hee Dong's dad smiles, seeing how genuine Si Woo is.)
Now, the problem is...
when Hee Dong reads the letter.
Will he read it before meeting the female latecomer...
or after going on a date with her?
- That will be important.
- Right.
Jae Seung and Si Woo are having second thoughts...
before their date.
What a quirk of fate.
(The first date finally begins.)
It's cold.
- There they are.
- These are...
Yu Bin is so excited.
- We've got nothing to worry about.
- That's right.
It's as if they were walking out of their newlywed home.
You can get in first.
He's not getting the door for her.
A manly man doesn't open the door for her.
That's manly?
(Making a ridiculous excuse for his son)
(They get in the back as they're both novice drivers.)
You know where we're going, right?
I do, since I planned it.
- Seriously?
- Yes.
Hoo planned out the date.
- Really?
- Yes.
(The sons planned the dates today.)
If I'm being honest, I thought you'd be...
most interested in Si Woo at first.
But you wrote me a letter...
and broke the ice.
Was it too obvious?
It was obvious.
- It was...
- Considering the circumstances...
You were the one who picked me...
for the First Impression Selection, right?
- Yes.
- It was the same as the letter.
Right?
(Grinning)
Who do you think I wrote it to?
(Thinking)
Me?
Why?
- Tell me.
- It wasn't me.
- Seriously?
- Yes.
- You didn't write it?
- No.
- Are you serious?
- Who was it?
- It was me.
It was you, right?
Don't do this to me.
- I know it was you.
- "No."
- We all know.
- "No, it was me."
You're good!
She's basically toying with him.
Indeed.
You really are gullible.
And your reactions are funny.
- Please don't tease me.
- It's fun to tease you.
(Putting his head down)
Do you want to take a nap?
I'll wake you up when we arrive.
- You look so tired.
- I'm not.
How can I be sleepy next to such a beautiful woman?
Great line.
- You don't mean that.
- I'll jump out.
(Tapping)
Stay close to the window.
So that I can jump out?
Hey, she's touching him!
That touch was so smooth.
Hey!
They might hold hands at this rate.
(They arrive at their destination...)
(while getting to know each other.)
(What's Hoo's first date spot?)
It's really pretty.
We'll see it soon.
I planned it the way I wanted it to be.
Things I wanted to do...
if I had a girlfriend.
It's all about that dream and romance.
I've always wanted to try grilled clams.
From where I can see the ocean.
(Hoo's first date spot, grilled clams place)
Will Yu Bin like grilled clams?
Does she like them?
No, I don't think she's ever had them before.
- Really?
- Yes.
Your son picked grilled clams...
- for his first date spot.
- It's great.
- Do you like it?
- He can peel them...
and feed them.
That's where love blooms.
Grilled clams?
Anyway, his dad approves.
(How will Hoo's first date go?)
- Here?
- Here.
You can sit wherever you like.
How do you like this place?
You have great taste.
He has great taste?
(Pleased)
Let's order some clams first.
Do you eat prawns?
I like them. Isn't that a type of shrimp?
- It is.
- I like it.
Ramyeon...
- We'll order that later.
- Sure.
So, you're not going to tell me what this is?
Oh, right.
I'll tell you what it is.
My father gave it to me, saying I'd need it on a date.
- He picked it out for you?
- He did.
That was a smart call.
- I think they look good.
- They do.
- They'll be so warm.
- I normally don't trust my dad,
but this was a great choice.
He doesn't trust you?
(That punk.)
Hoo is so funny.
- This is huge.
- Oh, like this.
- It looks good.
- Awesome.
- That looks fantastic.
- There are three tiers.
Thank you.
- I'll bring you a bin.
- Okay.
How do you use these?
He's rolling up his sleeves.
Flex your arms.
They look so delicious.
- You said you liked cheese on top.
- I do.
- Can I put it on top?
- Yes.
I can, right?
(Placing a bunch of clams with cheese for Yu Bin)
I'll protect you.
What is he protecting her from when grilling clams?
He doesn't want to lose her.
Hoo has some great lines.
(I'll protect you.)
Thank you.
- Let's put these here.
- You're very reliable.
(Smiling)
What's this?
You don't know, right?
Try lifting the cheese if you're curious.
(A clam popped.)
- Oh, no.
- Is this all right?
- Is this okay?
- What happened?
You should have protected her!
(Surprised)
It's burning, isn't it?
(Have you grilled clams before?)
I've never grilled clams before.
I wasn't sure...
if I was doing it right.
- It comes off easily.
- It's his first time.
Can you see if it comes off?
- No.
- Not yet?
(She's starting to get anxious.)
(The smoke is so thick that we can't see their faces.)
This is a mess.
(He keeps grilling them, staying nonchalant.)
How long do we have to cook them?
You want all the water to evaporate.
Oh, no.
Can we get a new pair of tongs?
(Nothing goes smoothly.)
- You eat mussels, right?
- Oh, wait.
Oh, my.
Wait.
(A fire breaks out.)
It's all burnt!
(Dark)
Are you sure we can eat this?
(Embarrassed)
Don't eat that.
You might actually lose your life.
This is...
- You can eat first.
- No, go ahead.
Don't give me all of it. Make sure to eat.
Is it because you don't want to eat them?
I'll peel the shrimp for you.
That's okay, though.
(Yu Bin had to step up.)
Now that I'm doing it... Oh, no.
- Great.
- They're all exploding.
(A shrimp falls.)
Things keep splashing.
You already made two mistakes, so you're out.
It's not like you did a perfect job of grilling these.
Okay.
Thank you for peeling them.
I have one more chance, right?
You'll give me three chances?
(They were so cute on their date because they were clumsy.)
- That's adorable.
- They look so happy.
They're so cute and lovely.
She looks very awkward.
When we ate shrimp at home,
I always said to her,
"Will you at least try to peel me one?"
Now, she's peeling...
Your daughter knew how to peel them.
- She did.
- And she's good.
Hoo loves shrimp.
Really?
The egg fried rice, peeling the shrimp...
It's right up Hoo's alley.
- It is.
- Yes.
She must have done her research.
(They weren't perfect, but they had good chemistry.)
I like how it's not too windy.
- Right?
- Yes.
They're Jae Hyuk and Eun Byul.
The ones with no votes are going.
(We're excited about this date.)
- Shall we get going?
- Yes.
Let's go.
He's driving.
He's driven for a long time.
(Jae Hyuk drives it himself.)
It's our first date.
First date. It's an honor.
It's an honor for me.
(Where is Jae Hyuk taking her on the first date?)
- We're going to Gangneung.
- I know.
What do you usually do when you go on a date?
- You'll realize after today's date, - Okay.
But it mostly goes like this.
But I'm not sure if you'll like it.
- I wonder what it is.
- I'm not so sure.
- I'm worried, actually.
- Really?
Yes, I'm very worried.
Why? Is it an outdoor activity?
- It's not that, so don't worry.
- Okay.
I wonder where he's taking her.
- Same.
- I wonder where they're going.
Do you like sports?
- I...
- Or do you play any?
I'm really bad at sports that require me to use my feet.
Feet.
- How about skating?
- Skating?
I've learned how to skate before,
but to go on a date...
Wait! It looks like...
(Where are you taking her?)
I like active dates,
so I decided to take her to a roller rink.
- A roller rink?
It's similar to skating.
A roller rink!
Jae Hyuk, why did you take her there?
Going there on a date...
- I'm worried.
- This doesn't look so promising.
It's making us anxious.
It's either go big or go home.
(Jae Hyuk's first date spot, roller rink)
No way.
(You can tell that she's flustered.)
I've never been here before.
(Will their date go well today?)
- And I tie them tight?
- Yes, tight.
If it moves inside...
It feels different from ice skating.
I don't even know how to get up.
I'll help you out.
Okay.
How does it feel?
It's very slippery.
(Jae Hyuk reaches his hands out.)
He's holding her hands!
He's going to hold them!
- How should I...
- Great timing.
(Excited)
Great timing!
- Is he going to hold them?
- She has to hold them now.
- Here goes Jae Hyuk!
- Yes!
- That's clever.
- It's a great chance.
What an opportunity.
It's very slippery.
- It's slippery.
- But I'm fine.
Hold on.
I'll try and figure it out.
Hold this.
- She said she'd figure it out.
- No!
(She'll figure it out on her own?)
(She gets up without his help.)
How does it feel?
He held out his hands...
to help me.
But I don't want...
a man to do everything for me...
as if I was a princess.
I usually try to do things by myself...
if I can.
Jae Hyuk missed a golden opportunity.
(They get off to a rocky start.)
Come on in.
I'm not sure.
(The roller date begins cautiously.)
- This is...
- It's not as slippery.
- Really?
- Yes.
- I see.
- Right?
It's way better.
But it's quite difficult to go forward.
But you're doing...
(Slipping)
I might scream.
(He's worried that she'll fall.)
- It's a bit...
- Oh, no.
(But Jae Hyuk isn't sure if he can hold her.)
I reckoned I might be coming on too strong for her,
so I reached out my hand for her to grab it.
Because it's their first date.
- It might be too much for her.
- He's being considerate.
Do you think you can go in a zigzag?
- I'll give it a try.
- Will you?
Yes.
- Why don't I go first?
- Yes.
(He goes first for Eun Byul.)
It's not as hard as...
(She carefully follows.)
How do I skate like a pro?
(What?)
Jae Hyuk, you can't do that!
That's when you grab her hand!
- Even when she's falling?
- You were supposed to hold her.
- Hold on.
- He has to help her now.
(This is the moment, son.)
(Eun Byul loses balance and falls.)
(He doesn't know what to do with his body.)
Oh, come on.
- I...
- Are you all right?
Are you okay?
This is tough.
I was just...
so ashamed and embarrassed.
This is tough.
(Jae Hyuk doesn't know what to do as he planned this date.)
- I'll get up.
- Okay.
- I'm so embarrassed.
- Come on, Jae Hyuk!
- Hold his hands!
- What are you doing?
- Still no?
- She won't hold his hands.
- Let's take it slow.
- Okay.
Slow.
- I'll fall too.
- Don't do that.
I feel like this will be one of your worst dates ever.
How difficult it is to hold one's hands.
Oh, dear.
She even fell on her behind.
Still, Jae Hyuk is...
considerate.
If he were clueless, he would have held her...
- or done this from behind.
- He can't do that.
He tried to be as polite as he could be.
I bet Eun Byul also realized...
- that he's a gentleman.
- I'm sure they both felt it.
I have a different opinion.
It's fine in any other situations,
but when she fell on her behind,
he should have rushed in on his knees.
- That's right.
- "Are you okay?"
- "Are you hurt?"
"I've made a huge mistake."
But that's not what Eun Byul is into.
- It's not.
- He should have done that.
He should have slid...
like when he plays soccer.
- He should've slid in to help her.
- Yes.
As her mom, what do you think Eun Byul prefers more?
I'm not happy with that roller rink as a whole.
He should've fed her something.
- Exactly. He should've fed her.
- She hasn't eaten anything.
- Exactly.
- I think as the first date...
(As the first date?)
He chose a wrong place.
(Satisfied)
Why did he take her to a roller rink...
in the middle of winter?
Yoon Hoo has gone to a place with a nice atmosphere...
and is looking cool eating clams.
(His head lowers for no reason.)
- That's right.
- Why?
I can't tell what Eun Byul is thinking.
(An unpredictable date, will there be a twist?)
(Meanwhile, someone is going out on a date.)
- Who's next?
- Who?
(Meanwhile, someone is going out on a date.)
- Finally. It's Hee Dong.
- Gosh.
- I'm looking forward to his date.
- Gosh, it's Hee Dong.
(Hee dong is on his way to meet the new tenant.)
(Searching)
(He wears a hairpin to look good on his first date.)
- He's doing that?
- My gosh.
He carries that around?
He's wearing a hairpin?
Gosh, do men wear hearpins too?
Mr. You.
- My gosh.
- That's so unexpected of him.
Gosh, Hee Dong.
He's an athlete, but he does that.
I know, right?
(Even his dad has never seen this side of him before.)
(While Hee Dong is heading to his date)
She's the latecomer.
(Looking forward to her)
The latecomer.
(Hi. Let's have fun with me today.)
(The latecomer receives Hee Dong's postcard.)
(Everyone is amazed.)
We only saw her nose and below,
- but she's such a beauty.
- She looks so pretty.
- You're right.
- She's pretty.
We're arriving soon.
(Nervous)
I'm nervous.
When I was almost there, right in front of the place,
my heart suddenly started to race.
She's a newcomer,
and this is my first date.
- Look at her.
- She's so tall.
- She's no joke.
- How tall is she?
- Is she a model?
- She's so tall.
- She must be.
(The newcomer has outstanding proportions.)
(Bowing)
He bowed.
- Is she here?
- Is he practicing?
- He's practicing.
- He's practicing?
(He quietly practices his first greeting.)
Hello.
- He saw her.
- She's beautiful.
- How pretty.
- She has striking facial features.
Such long arms and legs.
(Looking at the newcomer makes Si Woo's dad even more anxious.)
Please have a seat.
(He finally meets the woman in the postcard in real life.)
Nice to meet you.
(Whose daughter is she?)
(He finally meets the woman in the postcard in real life.)
Nice to meet you.
(Whose daughter is she?)
Whose daughter is she?
It's time to introduce the parent...
of the female latecomer.
- Please come out.
- Who is it?
- I wonder who it is.
Who is it?
(Woo Ji Won, the latecomer's dad)
Woo Ji Won.
(Welcome.)
- She's your daughter.
- Welcome.
The dad of the female newcomer is...
the prince on the court, Woo Ji Won.
(The prince on the court, Woo Ji Won)
(The 191cm-tall legendary shooter)
(A balanced player who is also handsome)
(The face genius on the court who had a lot of female fans)
- You can't fool your genes.
- Gosh.
- Exactly.
- Her height...
We have a fearsome latecomer.
- Yes.
- That's right.
I see the similarities now.
- Me too.
- Yes.
The daughters of these three are formidable too.
- They're so well-loved.
Do you think your daughter...
will join them and play her role as the latecomer well?
- Please brag about her.
- Well...
First off,
- Seo Yoon is quiet and introverted.
- But?
But she has a hidden charm.
I mean it. You'll see.
You'll see.
I think the dads over there will be very happy.
- Is that so? The dads will like it.
- Yes.
(His appeal is making them raise their expectations.)
- How cute.
- Goodness.
(He met his beloved 1st daughter when he was 30.)
- So cute.
- She's so pretty.
(Just like her dad, she is very tall.)
- My gosh, look at her height.
- Gosh.
You took the photo...
- You made it long, right?
- and made it long, right?
- No. When Seo Yoon and I buy pants, - Yes.
- Do you share them?
- we always...
try to make them longer.
- We never raised them...
- Really?
- or shortened them.
- My goodness.
I see.
We cut our pants short and make two bags out of the cloth.
Seriously, she's so tall.
She's tall.
Dad is very tall, and so is his daughter.
(The latecomer has an outstanding physique.)
Hello. I'm Woo Seo Yoon.
I majored in Fine Arts...
at Tufts University in Boston.
- Boston.
- She's in Boston?
Fine Arts.
Since I studied Fine Arts in school,
I drew...
and painted most of the times,
but later, I did more of designing.
And now, I'm searching for what I want to do.
(When was your last relationship?)
My last relationship was in March.
After that, I didn't have anyone...
that I kept in contact or had something going on.
Are you aware of that?
I'm well aware.
(Her dad knows about her relationship inside-out.)
Recently, I've been watching romance dramas often.
When the protagonist realize they like each other,
I watch it alone...
and become immersed in it.
My romantic genes are coming back to life.
Now, I want to meet a new person...
and feel the flutter.
- What's your name?
- I'm You Hee Dong.
- You Hee Dong?
- Yes.
- What's your name?
- I'm Woo Seo Yoon.
Woo Seo Yoon.
- Nice to meet you.
She wore a white coat.
She looked very bright.
Compared to the photo of her back profile,
she looked a lot more glamorous.
I liked it even more.
(I liked it even more.)
Hee Dong is happy.
- He's happy.
- Hee Dong...
- He is her date.
- What?
- I see.
- Hee Dong.
He's there.
(Is he your son?)
He's a baseball player.
- He's a baseball player?
- Yes, he's active now.
He's 197cm tall.
- Goodness.
- He's 197cm.
My gosh.
- Korea University.
- He looks good.
He goes to Korea University, not Yonsei University.
- Korea University.
- Korea University?
- You're from Yonsei University.
Hold on. The rivalry between the universities...
You don't have that, do you?
- Gosh, it's fine.
- Of course.
It's fine. I don't have that.
Did you join yesterday?
Yes, I joined a bit late yesterday.
- Really?
- Yes.
I arrived today.
You came here today?
- Yes.
- I see.
(They both are latecomers.)
- How is everyone like?
- It's just...
It feels quite comfortable.
- Is that so?
- Yes.
It sounds fun.
- It is.
- Yes.
Thank you.
(The food they ordered is served.)
- They serve beehive.
- It looks delicious.
It's colorful.
- Please, go ahead.
- You first.
Shall I scoop it for you?
- Is it okay to mix it all?
- Yes, sure.
It's plated so prettily.
- Do you like shrimps?
- Yes, I like shrimps.
(He takes some shrimps for Seo Yoon since she likes them.)
Thank you.
- He's well-mannered.
- He's nice.
- Yes.
- Hee Dong can be proactive.
Because he's fond of her.
(Satisfied)
- Her reaction.
- She has good reactions.
- Reaction.
- Her eyes are about to pop off.
Good.
I saw that. The postcard.
- How...
- Really?
Can I ask?
Sure.
Did you choose me?
Yes, I chose you.
- He said he chose her.
- Wow...
He said he chose her.
(Hee Dong says without hesitation that he chose her.)
- After seeing the postcard photo?
- Yes.
From the photo, I guessed that you do art.
Am I right?
- Can I say it?
- I don't know.
Was my handwriting okay?
- It was cute.
- I have bad handwriting.
No, it was nice.
It took me so long to write that.
I wanted to write nicely.
There were only a few words, though.
So, were you disappointed?
You only saw my back profile in the photo.
No.
(Feeling satisfied)
- You mean it, right?
- Yes.
When you walked in, you looked very tall.
Yes. I'm very tall.
- But you look tall too.
- Yes, I am too.
Since you're a guy, it's good to be tall, right?
Right. It's not bad.
I'm envious.
Don't people find tall women cool nowadays too?
(Don't people find tall women cool nowadays too?)
(Something is in the air between the two.)
Yes.
- They're complimenting each other.
- That was a nice thing to say.
Seo Yoon seems to find Hee Dong nice too.
I think she has a good impression of him.
- So you're saying...
- She's seeing him fondly.
You think she's fond of him.
- Yes. She keeps asking questions.
- Exactly.
She's acting proactively.
- Hee Dong seems a bit nervous.
- That's right.
- He's nervous.
- His eyes look different.
Is it different from when he first moved in?
- It is.
- It seems different.
Back then, he felt comfortable because there were many people.
Now, he looks very nervous.
He's nervous.
He's sitting in front of the beauty alone.
- Really...
- "In front of the beauty?"
Weren't our daughters beauties too?
- "In front of the beauty?" - They're all pretty.
- Okay.
- They're all pretty.
- Hee Dong...
- Emphasize on the "alone."
- Two of them on their own.
- He seems to really like her.
He can't make eye contact easily.
(Who's the next couple that went on a date?)
(First-come first-served Date, Lee Jae Seung and Park Si Woo)
- Jae Seung is here.
- They're here.
- Jae Seung.
- He's finally here.
- Jae Seung is here.
- Hey.
- Let's do this well.
- Let's go, Jae Seung.
- Let's cheer him on together.
- He can do it.
Jae Seung, you can do it.
- Si Woo's dad, let's do this.
- Okay.
- Let's do this.
- Yes.
- We're on the same team.
I'm worried.
Everyone was matched with their date.
Yes.
Did he purposely not choose?
- What do you mean?
- Since one person is left out.
Did he get a separate message...
saying he shouldn't choose?
- Is she talking about Hee Dong?
- Hee Dong.
No. It was first-come first-served.
- Yes.
- There are four of us,
but three of us went first,
so he was left alone.
But actually,
we did have a chance to choose the newcomer.
They told us not to say this.
- Come on.
- What?
Why did he tell her when he was told not to?
Exactly. Meeting the newcomer...
- was a secret to the girls.
- He was told not to say it.
- Si Woo found out...
- "He did choose me."
that Hee Dong went...
- to meet the newcomer.
- Exactly.
Jae Seung has a big mouth just like his dad.
(Feeling awkward)
Was that...
his choice...
or was he forced to do that?
It was his choice.
To meet the new person.
Si Woo is slightly annoyed.
Yes. I can see her annoyed face.
Si Woo is angry.
For the First Impression Selection,
- Yes?
- how many votes did you get?
- Why do you ask?
- I'm just curious.
- Really?
- Yes. I'm just curious.
- Just stay curious.
- Yes.
Is he from a polling firm?
Why does he keep checking the vote count?
He just wants to know.
How many votes did you get?
No comment from me too.
But for all the votes so far,
- I got them from the same person, - You did?
I think.
So I think I know who she is.
Why didn't you ask that person out today, then?
I just found out.
- You just found out?
- Yes.
(The mood drops from the start.)
The mood sank.
- What are you doing?
- They're not talking.
They look like a couple going to sign divorce papers.
- On their way to the family court.
- It's not that bad.
Family court, my gosh.
Now, Jae Hyuk's roller rink...
seems like nothing.
Yes.
- Jae Hyuk was nothing.
- I told you the mood is terrible.
He was nothing.
They can talk about something fun from now on.
- That's right.
- They can talk...
How can they talk excitedly there?
Their faces are getting brighter.
Their faces soured.
Doing that now might be better.
(Dad is upset.)
It's nice and cute.
(Jae Seung's date course, a nice-looking Western restaurant)
Yes, good food might lift their moods up.
Yes.
- It could make them feel relaxed.
- Yes.
Is it good?
It's delicious.
(Unlike Si Woo, Jae Seung's reaction lacks vigor.)
even when the food tastes good.
I can't make exclamations and so on.
It's okay.
(Their conversation stops.)
Do you know how to play piano?
- No, I've never played piano.
- Never?
Do you draw?
No, I'm terrible at it.
I have no talent...
- in art and music.
- Then...
What are you confident at?
Sports.
- Sports?
- Yes.
Really?
When I was in the baseball club, my team won gold medal.
- Really?
- Yes.
In school?
- It wasn't in school.
- An external club?
It's called junior, for middle school students.
I was in it.
But this sounds like...
I'm bragging too much about myself, so let's talk about something else.
You bragged about nothing.
You kept saying you're bad at everything,
so I asked what you were good at.
Okay.
(Very furious)
Why on earth would he say that?
(Why on earth would he say that?)
Things are getting awkward.
Give him some tissue.
- Sorry?
- Tissue.
- My nose runs when I get angry.
- Things are getting awkward.
Si Woo is straightforward too.
Exactly. Si Woo...
Si Woo is cool.
She's bold.
I wasn't angry. I just...
They're staring outside.
They're like a couple that lost the spark.
They're both suffering.
They need to go to court now.
(When did you feel fluttered during the date with Jae Seung?)
There was no such moment, unfortunately.
Actually,
I kept questioning myself,
"Why did Jae Seung ask me out on a date?"
Si Woo likes someone who's fun...
and wants her date to talk a lot with her.
But I don't talk much...
and am not a smooth talker.
So we didn't hit it off.
I felt very bad for her.
Goodness, you can't do this.
This is over.
She never felt fluttered. What's there to look forward to?
There are others too.
Even having an ice cream won't help.
This date isn't the end of everything.
(Very upset)
(Meanwhile, Yoon Hoo and Yu Bin)
I'll have a shot of alcohol.
Go ahead.
Excuse me. A bottle of soju, please.
You're not drinking, right?
- Just one shot.
- Just one.
Thank you.
(A sudden order)
What? Will they drink?
(Startled)
(He pours himself a glass of soju as soon it's served.)
(Drinking)
(He downs it.)
Shall I have another glass?
(Shall I have another glass?)
Hoo is drinking two glasses in a row.
What? Why is he doing that so suddenly?
Do you enjoy drinking?
Not at all.
- Do you enjoy soju?
- Not at all.
- Then why?
- I hate it.
Then why?
Why am I acting like this?
(Hoo's action doesn't match his words.)
There's a reason.
I was determined to do my best.
I was determined to show everything.
So I prepared...
the karaoke date.
(So I prepared the karaoke date.)
- Alcohol warms up...
- My gosh.
- your throat.
- That's right.
- Yes.
- He has a strategy.
- My goodness.
- Gosh.
(Hoo has a plan!)
- That's right.
- Right.
He has his dad's DNA.
- Gosh.
- My goodness.
(Hoo's second date spot, karaoke)
(Sighing)
Now that I'm here, I don't know what to sing.
I bet you're a good singer.
- Me?
- You're a good singer.
That must be why you brought me here.
That isn't true. It was just an idea I had for a dream date.
(Still, Hoo selects a song carefully.)
What should I sing?
I can't wait.
- What will he sing?
- What will be the first song?
Will he sing his dad's song?
(Surprised)
("Every Moment of You," "My Love From the Star" OST)
Okay.
(His throat goes dry because he's nervous.)
Have you listened to him sing that song?
He isn't half bad.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
(Nodding)
(You were there)
(It was you)
(The very thought)
(Fills my heart)
(With you)
You're really good.
(Embarrassed)
(It was a killer move.)
- Hold on.
- It was impactful.
My son, nice vibrato.
He must've practiced a lot.
- He's a good singer.
- He's good.
He sings with ease.
He takes after his dad.
- It was sweet.
- Nice.
- You know, - I'm so embarrassed.
- you're really good.
- Thank you.
Seriously.
Your throat is all warmed up, right?
- No.
- Isn't it warmed up all the way?
- Then how are you so good at it?
I almost failed to hit the notes.
That was incredible.
He was a good singer.
He picked a heart-fluttering song.
Yes. It was nice.
Nice.
(Proud)
(Yu Bin's song comes next.)
Hold on. You...
Did you really sing a pop song before the boy who studied abroad?
It's a difficult song too.
(Gazing)
(What's up with that gaze?)
- What?
- He's looking at her.
- Look at his facial expression.
- Yes.
Your singing skills don't matter.
- Of course not.
- That's right.
She was a good singer.
And the way she made...
an effort to sing well was cute.
(They wrap up with a duet song.)
(A duet dance is a must.)
(A high score puts them in a good mood.)
(You're close to becoming a singer! Let's get 100 next time!)
That's incredible.
We have one minute left. Sing what you want to sing.
- I'm okay.
- I'm okay too.
Really?
I'll put them on you. This is the front side, right?
I don't think there's a front side.
- Good. You look cute.
- Thank you.
- I don't look strange, do I?
- No.
You didn't look at me properly.
- They look really good on you.
- Really?
Yes.
(How was the first date?)
In conclusion, the date was very fun.
My interest in her grew more.
She put on the gloves and peeled shrimp for me.
She took good care of me.
Behaviors and actions like that...
made her look even more charming.
Hoo was...
very kind...
and well-mannered.
He poured me water, handed me over the plate,
grilled everything, and set up the eating utensils.
It made me happy.
I was happy.
Had he opened the car door,
I would've given him 100 points.
(I would've given him 100 points.)
(Yu Bin's small and heavy blow)
- She's honest.
- My goodness.
She's sharp.
The two of them are set.
It was a fun date to watch.
It was perfect.
They're a sweet couple.
- Things will work out for them.
- A sweet couple.
How sweet.
They won't change their minds very easily.
- Exactly.
- It'll be hard.
If they choose someone else for the final decision,
we'll know that there has been a big drama.
Seriously.
We'll know that there has been a tear-jerking drama.
- I'm a bit nervous.
- Right.
It's most likely that they won't change their minds.
- They won't change easily.
- Things are going so beautifully.
Since everything is perfect, their bond can't be broken.
- I'm nervous.
- No one can get between them.
I'm nervous.
(The dad has joy-induced anxiety.)
(First-come First-served Date, Shin Jae Hyuk and Cho Eun Byul)
My goodness.
- It's the sea.
- It's nice.
Is it good?
- It's the sea.
- I absolutely love the sea.
- My goodness.
- The sea?
Gosh, the sea.
(The East Sea is stretched out before them.)
- Is this the place?
- Yes, this is the place.
My goodness.
(Jae Hyuk's second date spot, a sashimi restaurant)
This is incredible.
(They'll have a meal with the sea in the background.)
It's so nice.
Thank you so much for bringing me to this place.
Don't mention it. Thank you for coming here with me.
(Don't mention it. Thank you for coming here with me.)
- My goodness.
- Jae Hyuk is earning some points.
- Good.
- Jae Hyuk, that's good.
(The main menu of the day, sashimi appears.)
- Enjoy the food.
- Okay. Enjoy the food.
(Impressed)
It's so tasty.
(It's so tasty.)
- Is it tasty?
- Yes.
- I'm happy.
- Okay.
(Thankfully, this date spot is a success.)
You're good at using chopsticks.
I'm not bad at it.
(I'm not bad at it.)
What do you think of people who are bad at using chopsticks?
I don't mind. I wasn't good at it either.
- Really?
- Yes.
Did you fix it recently?
- I grabbed them in an X-shape...
- I see.
- until elementary school.
- I used to do this too.
- I see. Did you fix it?
- Yes.
Really? It couldn't have been easy to fix it.
- I worked so hard on it.
- Same here. Seriously.
- "Same here." - They have a similarity.
- This is flounder.
- Okay.
- You eat wasabi.
- Yes.
Same here.
I didn't eat it at first. I started eating it recently.
What? Same here.
- Really?
- Yes.
- I never ate wasabi at first.
- Same here. Seriously.
- About a year ago, - Okay.
- I began eating it.
- It hasn't been long for me either.
- I developed a taste for it.
- Yes, I developed a taste for it.
How fascinating.
They're finding similarities.
- They're getting along.
- It's nice.
Jae Hyuk is working hard.
He's doing well.
(Eun Byul and Jae Hyuk are beginning to get along.)
Weren't you very hungry?
I was hungry, but...
- I can't eat a lot these days.
- Really?
I can't eat well before strangers.
I know. I don't want to get an upset stomach.
I really felt like I'd get an upset stomach.
Should I prick your fingers if you get an upset stomach?
Will you keep massaging my hands?
I'll prick your fingers.
He says he'll prick her fingers.
If I get an upset stomach and can't fall alseep,
I might go to you and say,
"I want to do this. Please do this for me."
Will you do it then?
(A bit earlier, in the car)
If you brought it...
- A sleep mask?
- Yes.
- I'll give you one.
- Thank you.
It'll help you sleep better.
I enjoy a drive...
- like this one.
- Really?
If you want to go outside, just tell me.
- Yes.
That'd be great.
"I want to do this. Please do this for me."
Will you do it then?
I'll do anything you ask me to do.
"I'll do anything you ask me to do."
- My goodness.
How did you pick the present?
- The perfume.
- The present.
Actually,
- my dad picked it.
- I see.
- Really?
- Yes.
I was worried that it wouldn't smell good.
Really?
- I didn't pick it.
- I see.
- It smells so good.
- Really?
Yes.
I'll need to still some perfumes from my parents.
- They have a good taste.
- Yes.
You can steal mine.
I guess there's one.
What?
When you can't sleep, I can lend you a sleep mask.
When you get an upset stomach, I can prick your fingers.
- Right.
- There's one thing I can get.
The atmosphere was great with Eun Byul.
We get along much better...
than I imagined.
I felt like we had gotten closer.
To be honest, it was much more satisfying...
than I expected.
I enjoy trying new things.
It was really nice to enjoy an activity with Jae Hyuk.
I went to a roller rink for the first time.
We became close very quickly.
It was really fun.
From the perfume to the sashimi restaurant,
everything...
was perfect in my opinion.
I see.
Eun Byul opened up her heart.
Eun Byul's mom's face lit up.
I'm glad. Shall we set the date?
Jae Seung is flying out of her mind.
- I know.
- I'm forgetting about Jae Seung.
- That's right.
- Jae Seung is gone.
Just you wait.
I used to make a bracelet with something like this.
That's right.
- Hello.
You'll make a plushie in today's class.
(Hee Dong's second date spot, plushie studio)
It was something I always wanted to do.
I thought it'd be fun to do it together, so I picked the spot.
I enjoy making things.
I enjoy making and decorating small things with my hands.
So I liked the date.
Does Seo Yoon like such things?
Seo Yoon likes going to studios.
Hee Dong planned the date himself.
- Really?
- Yes.
- Seo Yoon loves such places.
- Really?
Although not often, we go to such places together.
- My son planned a nice date.
- I can't wait to watch them.
Did you finish it?
I'm done.
It's cute.
Mine is taller.
They're so cute.
Shall we make one for each other?
Good idea.
I'll work a bit harder.
I'll concentrate on this one.
Which animal do you like?
- I like puppies.
- Puppies.
Do you like Shiro?
Yes, I do.
I'll make Shiro.
(Seo Yoon begins to make a puppy.)
(Staring)
- What?
- Why is he staring at her intently?
What's going on?
I made an effort to create something...
that looked like Seo Yoon.
I see.
He wanted to make something that looked like Seo Yoon.
I bet Seo Yoon felt the gaze.
(Hee Dong wants to make a plushie that resembles Seo Yoon.)
- Is it going well?
- Yes.
- Is it a necklace?
Can he do that as well?
(Hee Dong makes a necklace...)
(and puts it around the plushie.)
(Sliding down)
(He's so focused that he doesn't notice the apron.)
I'm done.
Same here.
(They finish making a plushie for each other.)
- Gosh.
- It's wearing sunglasses.
How do you like Shiro?
It'd really look like Shiro with Shin-chan by its side.
(A puppy for Hee Dong)
- It's for a summer vacation.
- It's cute.
She's good with her hands.
It's cute.
I bet the necklace took a long time.
(A teddy bear with a necklace)
What do you think of the necklace?
- The necklace?
- Yes.
It's very cute.
A teddy bear is wearing a teddy bear necklace.
- I prepared a present.
- What?
- What? That's so sudden.
- Already?
I prepared a present.
What is it?
(Nervous)
- It's so cute.
- It's a gift from his dad.
Did you make this necklace?
It's so cute!
- There are three bears.
- That's right.
Thank you so much.
- My goodness.
Hee Dong, you're good!
I didn't think he'd do that.
It's just like a proposal.
It'd make any woman fall for him.
Seriously.
- Seriously. He's good.
- It's romantic.
- It's heart-fluttering.
- Hee Dong is romantic.
Thank you so much.
Seo Yoon really likes it.
He suddenly took out a gift box.
I was so surprised.
When I opened it, I saw a very cute teddy bear.
It was so cute...
and touching. I was thankful.
She seemed to like the gift a lot.
I was relieved.
I made a similar-looking necklace for the plushie...
to give her the gift in the most natural way.
It was a surprise. Since I did that,
I think Seo Yoon will think of me...
as a man with a plan.
- That was a nice strategy.
- That was perfect.
- My goodness.
It's cute.
- Do you want to try it on now?
- Yes.
Shall I help you with it?
Yes.
That's right!
Is this the final episode of a drama?
I can't believe Hee Dong!
(Hee Dong's flirting is sweeter than a drama.)
My heart fluttered when he helped me with the necklace.
Since it was my first time putting a necklace on a woman,
I was nervous.
- All done.
- Thank you.
How do I look?
- It's pretty.
My goodness.
- Does it look good on me?
- It looks good on you.
- Really?
- You're like that teddy bear.
I'll take out the necklace I was wearing...
- later.
- Okay.
I'll wear this instead.
Please wear it.
- I'll wear it for real.
- Okay.
I have two necklaces now.
Thank you.
They resemble each other a bit.
You did a good job of making Shiro.
- It's cute, right?
- Yes.
(Hee Dong's romantic event brings them closer.)
- He had one shot.
- That's right.
I think that was your strategy.
- No. I swear there was nothing.
- My goodness.
I get Seo Yoon a lot of gifts...
and buy her a lot.
She likes it more than the gifts from me.
- Does she?
- She looks...
- Different?
- Yes.
I approve.
Right now,
Don't you hear someone moaning?
My goodness.
Will he even read Si Woo's letter?
- What's she going to do?
- Right?
But they've met only recently.
But one family is on fire.
Which family? Si Woo's family?
Yes.
I'm not on fire, but I'm sweating.
(The night draws.)
- Today, time...
- Time flew, right?
Yes.
It's so different from yesterday.
- Do you like dogs?
- I like dogs.
I love dogs.
- Really?
- Yes.
- I have a dog.
- Me too.
- You do?
- Yes.
- I said it first.
- What?
- You're copying me.
- I'm not.
You're copying me so much.
(You're copying me so much.)
Do you prefer dogs over cats?
I prefer dogs over cats,
- but I love cats, too.
- Really?
I love cats so much.
It's a shame that I'm allergic to their hair.
Me too.
(They keep finding something in common.)
No way.
(What's going on?)
Now I get why they received zero votes.
- That makes sense.
- Right.
- For them to meet?
- Yes.
It's a fateful encounter.
Now that we've spent a day together,
- Right?
- I feel closer.
I normally don't talk much,
- Okay.
- but when we were together,
I was able to...
- Really?
- talk a lot.
It might get hard now.
You'll have to put up with my jokes.
I'm ready.
(Smiling)
You can feel free.
You're already putting up with my jokes.
- Did you already make jokes?
- What?
(The two are making more and more jokes.)
(And these two are breathtakingly quiet.)
- My goodness.
- His father is appearing.
- It's profound.
- Everyone, let's cheer up.
- Let's all cheer up.
- Jae Seung.
Let's cheer up.
(Already getting anxious)
What did you talk about with Hee Dong yesterday?
Are they still talking about Hee Dong?
We went straight to bed. We were too tired.
(Sighing)
(Hee Dong's roommate isn't very helpful...)
(when Si Woo is curious about Hee Dong.)
What's tormenting you?
I don't know what I want either.
You can just talk to him...
when he's sitting on the couch.
(His advice isn't very helpful either.)
Okay.
What is Eun Byul like?
(Smirking)
Eun Byul is nice to everyone.
Actually, she's not much different.
- Really?
- What you see is everything.
- Does she talk a lot in the room?
- No.
Really?
She seems very kind.
She sounds like an angel.
(Chuckling)
Wait a minute.
- He's talking about Eun Byul.
- Eun Byul...
- The two are acting weird.
- My goodness.
- Jae Seung.
- Why would he talk to her about it?
- Gosh.
He's not hiding it anymore.
Regardless of who's in front of him.
He's transferred.
(Bitter)
- I think he's given up on Si Woo.
- Yes.
It's not that Si Woo doesn't care about Hee Dong,
but she wants Jae Seung to entertain her.
But he keeps talking about Eun Byul and other people...
or who picked him.
He's only being calculative.
- So Jae Seung is the problem?
- Yes.
Si Woo talked about Hee Dong first.
- What?
- So Si Woo is the problem?
Jae Seung should've induced her.
Si Woo keeps staring outside.
He should've led her.
He's not the host. Why would he lead her?
Maybe they weren't interested in each other.
And they somehow got to meet. Is that it?
It's a mess.
- Is it?
- Yes, it is.
He should've made her look at him.
Let's transfer.
Forget about being consistent.
Transfer to someone else.
- Sir, is that okay?
- Of course, it's okay.
He's about to die.
Park Nam Jung and Lee Moon Sik can...
go on separate ways.
It can't get any worse. This is a complete mess.
What do you think of Eun Byul?
Eun Byul? She's very kind and sweet.
(Shy)
I couldn't wait...
to get home and talk to Eun Byul.
That's what I was thinking.
Things have changed a lot for Eun Byul.
Right.
(Jae Seung and Si Woo get home.)
- It's cold.
- Oh, what?
Hello.
Did you have a good time?
(Glancing)
Where is Jae Hyuk?
- Is he in the room?
- He's in the room.
- Is it only the two of you?
- Yes, we're the first to get home.
- You're early.
- Did you go out?
- We came home...
- What did you do?
Like less than ten minutes ago.
- Us?
- Ten minutes?
Did you eat?
Yes, we had late lunch.
(Waiting for his chance to talk to her again)
We had brunch.
Brunch? Where did you go?
We had it around 3pm.
We had very late lunch.
(The door closed even before he could stop them.)
Gosh, it hurts.
(He decides to wait for his next chance.)
Did you have something good?
- Raw fish.
- I'm jealous.
How was it?
- It was good.
- It was good?
Yes. How was it?
I saw every side of him...
that I hadn't seen.
Really?
(Laughing)
It's over now.
What's that supposed to mean?
- It's over now.
- She saw every side of him.
There's hardly a chance between Si Woo and Jae Seung.
What's that supposed to mean?
- She saw every side of him?
- Every side of him.
That has a lot of meanings.
- Let's keep watching.
- Yes.
- That's hilarious.
- Gosh.
Be honest with me.
How do you feel?
- Me?
- How do you feel about him?
- It wasn't so bad.
- No?
I liked it. I had a good time.
- You did?
- Yes.
Any change in mind?
- I'm not sure.
- You're not sure?
No.
(Meanwhile, Jae Hyuk's in the living room.)
(And Jae Seung as well.)
- Did you have a good time?
- Yes.
I had such a great time. What about you?
Me? When we were having a meal alone,
- I'm not much of a smooth talker.
- Okay.
- And Si Woo led me.
- She led you?
It was nice of her.
- What did you eat?
- We had raw fish.
- Really? Did you have raw fish?
- Yes.
- Did you go there?
- Yes. What did you have?
We went to a brunch cafe.
(Glancing)
Doesn't he look like he's waiting for Eun Byul?
- Yes.
- Right?
Did you do anything other than going to a cafe?
We went to some station,
and we... Oh, do you want me to take a picture of you with it?
What is that?
The one that prints right away.
- Oh, really?
- Polaroid.
Yes. Let me take pictures of you.
(It's a good chance to appeal to Eun Byul.)
Awesome.
Why don't you take a picture of making a fire?
What?
(Eun Byul and Jae Hyuk look close.)
(Exclaiming)
Or do you want to sit here?
What should we do to get a good picture of you?
Well...
- Do you want to join me?
- Do you want to take it together?
It's awkward by myself.
- Do you want to join me?
- Do you want to take it together?
(Moving back)
"Do you want to join me?"
Hey.
No. Don't do that.
Jae Seung is very kind.
That makes no sense.
Why would he... That's off side.
- We need to raise the flag.
- Yes.
- Do you want to join me?
- Do you want to take it together?
It's awkward by myself.
- Let's try making a fire.
- How?
- Wait.
- Try opening it.
- Like this?
- Is this right?
- That's good.
Jae Seung is not a photographer.
- Is this right?
- That's good.
Hold this, and I'll hold the broom.
(Getting ready to take a picture...)
(of the two who look harmonious)
No, just stay still.
I'll stay still.
What's he doing? You're not a guide.
It's not Jae Seung's lucky day.
I look awkward.
I'll leave it here. You need to wait for the picture to appear.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
We should've tried to look nicer.
What kind of concept was that?
I don't think it was taken properly.
I wasn't planning to take it together with her.
I was only going to take a picture of her alone.
Then she asked him to join the picture.
So I took a picture of them together.
(Jae Hyuk who was a step ahead got to take a picture with her.)
It's starting to appear. It looks funny.
I could see that Eun Byul and Jae Hyuk...
returned very close.
I wondered if I had a chance...
between them.
It's romantic.
(He keeps missing his chance with Eun Byul.)
There's no gap.
Eun Byul became very close to Jae Hyuk.
- They became close.
- Yes.
- They understand each other.
- They do.
- Gosh.
- Jae Seung must be disturbed.
(Meanwhile, Yoon Hoo and Yu Bin return.)
- We're back.
- Hello.
You're back.
(They're eating something.)
- What are you eating?
- Apollo?
Popeye.
What? Apollo.
(Dashing to the snack)
He has to relieve his hangover.
(Laughing)
Don't you think you're eating too fast?
(Having a candy in front of his crush)
(Struggling)
That's...
Yoon Hoo is such a good singer.
(Curious)
He liked it since he was a child.
I guess he nailed it at karaoke.
(Nodding)
That reminds me of the time when he had jjajang ramyeon.
- He must've been hungry.
- Yes.
Do you want me to microwave some fried rice for you?
- Can I?
- Of course.
- Then I want it.
- I'll get it for you.
- Yes.
- You didn't even get changed.
- The two get along.
- Like a couple.
They look like a newlywed couple.
They look like...
- They look like they're married.
- They do.
She looks like she's cooking for him after getting home.
Exactly.
Gosh. I'm so happy.
- Thank you for the food.
- Sure.
(Nom)
(Overwhelmed)
This is so much better than the grilled clams.
- No way.
- I mean it.
I'm happy that you enjoy it.
That place looks like Yoon Hoo's.
It's like Yoon Hoo's having guests in his house.
(They act like a newlywed couple.)
Aren't you hungry?
(Meanwhile, Si Woo and Jae Seung are in the living room.)
A little.
(Glancing)
(Si Woo keeps staring at the gate.)
I...
I just kept thinking.
What would he be doing?
(What would Hee Dong be doing?)
- Oh, Hee Dong.
- Gosh.
Did he meet another woman?
Whom is he with?
I kept thinking about that.
I was curious about the woman.
Si Woo knows about the female latecomer.
Oh, right. She does.
That's bothering Si Woo.
(While she's getting more curious about Hee Dong's date, )
(Hee Dong and Seo Yoon are getting close to home.)
We're in Pyeongchang.
(Restless)
Oh, my gosh.
(Laughing)
I wasn't nervous before.
Let me have some water.
- She's getting nervous now.
- Yes.
Because this is her first visit.
(Sighing)
I know exactly how that feels.
It's okay.
I mean...
You must be nervous.
You can hide behind me.
"Hide behind me." That's short and simple.
That's cool.
Anyway, when is he coming home?
I don't know.
What if he's not coming back?
I know. That's what I was thinking.
- He wouldn't do that though, right?
- He wouldn't.
Si Woo likes Hee Dong so much.
Have you ever seen Si Woo like that before?
Revealing her emotions and getting heartrending?
- And waiting?
- No.
I don't have a lot of chances to see that at home.
I think this is the first time...
to see Si Woo's expressions of waiting someone...
in detail.
I know. She's normally shrewd.
- She's emotionally wavered.
- That's true.
Si Woo is...
expressing her emotions a lot.
- Right?
- Yes.
(Her dad is proud of her yet feeling sad.)
The newbie is...
(Hee Dong and Seo Yoon reach the house.)
- They're coming.
- Here we go.
They're here.
I am really here.
Oh, wait.
Do you need some time before going in?
Yes, I need some time... Gosh, you can see inside.
You can't see it here yet.
I can see them.
(Everyone's in the living room.)
I guess we're pretty good.
(The one who is cluless)
(The one who's blushing for some reason)
(And the one who's very nervous)
(How will their first encounter go with Seo Yoon?)
Do you want to go in first?
- All right.
- Let me see her face.
I can't wait to see Si Woo's reaction.
I can't wait to see the look on Si Woo's face the most.
- Do you want me to open it first?
- Yes.
(She hide behinds Hee Dong as they promised.)
Yoon Hoo.
Yoon Hoo. What's that look on your face?
- Yoon Hoo's shocked.
- He's shocked.
- Put on the slippers here.
- Okay.
(They hear a conversation by the gate.)
Are they here?
The two?
Oh, my gosh.
(The footsteps are getting closer.)
- Hello.
Hello.
(Finally meeting the new resident)
- Si Woo.
- She looks a bit nervous.
- Yes.
She's very pretty.
She looks like a model. She looks elegant.
Normally, tall guys like tall girls.
So I think they had a good time.
(Feeling bad for Si Woo)
She's forcing herself to smile, but...
She waited for Hee Dong so much.
Hello.
Someone very tall...
like a model walked in.
I'm a little worried...
because I might be compared.
(Grunting)
She looked kind of chic.
I'm curious about what she's like.
The sons probably want to...
go on a date with her.
- Yes.
- Of course.
- They're curious.
- Yes.
The atmosphere instantly...
It's getting strange.
(The atmosphere instantly became strange.)
- Hello.
(All 8 kids finally gathered.)
What's your name?
I'm Woo Seo Yoon.
- Seo Yoon?
- Yes.
What are your names?
- I'm Park Si Woo.
- Si Woo?
I'm Choi Yu Bin.
Yu Bin.
- I'm Yoon Hoo.
- I'm Lee Jae Seung.
- Jae Seung.
- I'm Shin Jae Hyuk.
Jae Hyuk.
You haven't forgotten my name, right?
Hee Dong.
- I'm Cho Eun Byul.
- Eun Byul.
Yes.
(You haven't forgotten my name, right?)
- He...
- Gosh.
He makes a move right there.
He's forgotten about Si Woo.
Why would he say that there?
- Nice to meet you.
Welcome.
- Did you make something?
- Yes.
Did you win it?
- We made it.
- I see.
For each other?
Yes.
One for ourselves, and the other for each other.
- Oh, that's cute.
- Awesome.
- That's really cute.
- It's cute, right?
Did you decorate it yourself?
- With what they had.
- With what they had?
So...
They made dolls.
I think they made matching ones...
by decorating their dolls.
That's why...
Why did he have to do that...
of all things with someone else?
- Come on.
- It's bothering her.
It's really bothering her.
Hee Dong, Si Woo wrote a letter to you.
Goodness.
- Dinner?
- We had lunch.
Lunch?
It was tough in this cold weather, right?
Didn't you say you two visited the beach?
No.
We had lunch and went to a doll workshop.
- You made those, right?
- Yes.
- Hee Dong is being cold, isn't he?
(Hee Dong seems cold.)
You look greedy with food in both hands.
I'm ambidextrous.
Is that so?
I'm still eating my meat.
(The two seem quite close.)
They were getting along just fine.
Watching them make fun of each other...
made me realize the two had become close.
- Of course.
- Right.
To be frank, Hee Dong and I have barely had a conversation.
The two spent the whole day together,
so I'm sure they talked a lot.
Yes, it was a bummer.
(She and Hee Dong have become distant in a day.)
I'm most interested in Hee Dong.
My heart fluttered more than anything else.
Now that's a real love triangle.
What's going on with the three kids?
(After today's date, )
(where will the three's story head next?)
(Epilogue: Before Heading Out on Today's Morning Date)
(Hee Dong is all alone...)
(after everyone has gone out for their dates.)
(Hee Dong has stopped by the Letter Room.)
(Before leaving for her date, Si Woo left a letter for Hee Dong.)
(Checking his mailbox)
(A note can be seen through the gap.)
(He can't open the mailbox.)
(Maybe with these?)
(You Hee Dong)
(In the end, Hee Dong leaves for his date...)
(without being able to read the letter.)
(You Hee Dong)
(Si Woo's feelings could not reach Hee Dong.)
(1-on-1 Rotation Chat)
(I chose you for both selections.)
(Joke around with me too.)
(I chose you for the Attraction Selection.)
I'm like that too.
(Time when they shared their true feelings)
(A roller coaster of emotions)
(1st-come 1st-served Date asked by the daughters)
(Do we ask now?)
Hold on.
(Who did the daughters choose that shocked everyone?)
Hold on a minute. What just happened?
Dramaday.me